So, if you are a business owner who's
been using OpenClaw and you think you're
at the cutting edge of this technology,
I can promise you you're only getting
maybe 5 to 10% of the potential out of
this kind of technology at the moment.
And on the other hand, if you're someone
who's maybe been less impressed or
struggling with using something like
this, there is a reason for that. And
I'm going to be revealing in this video
why that is. The system that I've
created and I've been using that ticks
all the boxes of OpenClaw and far
beyond. And the reason I'm making this
video is because I've been running into
so many successful and smart
entrepreneurs who are excited about this
technology naturally and the potential
it has for being able to actually get
them some time back and actually be able
to do things for them. So them as a
founder aren't just change their
business like a job. But the thing is
Open Claw is open flawed. There are
major issues with it that are going to
stop you turning it into the true AI
assistant that runs your business and
does things for you. And in this video,
I'm going to be breaking those down so
that hopefully I can convince some of
you to make the transition to the system
that I'm going to talk about so that you
can truly realize the benefits of this
incredible technology that is now in our
hands. And if you guys are new to the
channel and don't know who I am, my name
is Liam Mley and I've been building AI
businesses for the past 3 years. I've
been in business for the past seven. And
this stuff I'm going to talk about in
this video is by far the most exciting
thing I've ever seen in my career as an
entrepreneur. I've barely left the house
this week. I've barely slept at all
because for the first time for me and
the friends that I'm here with who are
also nerding out on getting these
systems set up. We can actually see us
moving towards a future where we can use
a system I'm going to explain here to
actually automate our entire business.
And over the next 30 days, I'm actually
documenting my process of automating as
many of my tasks as possible. And so
long story short, the main difference
I'm talking about here is not using open
claw or open floor. We are using clawed
code.
And if that sounds scary, stick with me
because yes, this may sound like a dev
tool, but it is actually the most
powerful AI assistant and productivity
machine that I've ever seen. And in this
video, I'm going to be breaking down why
you must make the switch. Now, I'm going
to do a side-by-side comparison of all
the things you love about this and how
Claude Code beats it in every realm. And
at the end of the video, I'm going to be
explaining what it actually takes to get
started on building the system that will
go like this rather than open claw,
which is going to go like this and
plateau for you. Okay, so the first
thing you need to understand is what
open claw actually is and what clawed
code is. So it starts off with a model
of some sort. We have the model as a
sphere.
We call this our model. So this might be
uh anthropics uh opus 4.6. It might be
open 5.2. Whatever it is, this is some
kind of LLM or model. That is our
starting point. Now what Claude code is
here is a harness. You may have heard of
ChachiBT rappers. That was kind of a
slur term used by people to throw shade
at basic applications that took the
underlying model and put a thin layer
around it and called it a business or
called it a SAS. So that's like a
wrapper.
And this will all make sense in a
second. You have to understand the
difference to this to really
fundamentally know why you must make the
switch now because once you realize
this, you cannot go back. So we have a
wrapper here. Recently we've had the
emergence of what's called a harness.
Now, I've still been trying to figure
out where we made the jump and and why
one took over the other. You don't hear
much about rappers anymore. You hear all
about a harness. So, I don't really know
how to draw a harness, but recently I've
been drawing them like this. Think of it
as this big uh we have this powerful
orb. And you guys can drop a like for my
drawing skills cuz I think that's pretty
damn good. We have this powerful orb
here, which is the model. so good at
understanding text, understanding
images, being able to generate things,
generate code, uh reason through things,
analyze large amounts of text and code.
And what we're doing is we're putting it
into a harness where I mean, this is
maybe a nice way of putting it. We have
this harness holding it in place and
giving this model a whole bunch of new
features and abilities in a very robust
way. So, I haven't really figured out
how to draw these yet. We can maybe put
them as like this.
So it gives it these very powerful arms
that stick out and allow it to do things
in the digital world.
And the best example of a really great
harness is Claude code where Anthropic
has poured billions of dollars into the
engineers and people behind building out
and training their harness to be able to
do things like uh these actions being
like reading files, creating files,
deleting files, searching the web,
spinning up sub agents to do deep
research or spinning up sub agents to
dig into file systems. The harness that
Anthropic has created for claw code is
so well created and so adapted to the
digital environment it lives in. It is
it seems like an absolute genius. It can
plan everything out. It can open files,
edit them, search the web, pull things
in, write code, write text, read images,
and read PDFs and basically anything you
throw at it. And that's what has made
this such a powerful and explosive tool.
Now the thing is
when it comes to openclaw it is
essentially a wrapper or a harness that
has been built by an indie developer to
do the same thing as this but also
connect it to telegram or to connect it
to something that's handy for you. So
we're going to go into the features in a
second but I want to just point out that
we've taken essentially the same model.
One of the one of I guess perks of open
core is that you can swap the model out
but at the end of the day if you're
trying to make a really powerful system
would you really want to use anything
but the most powerful models opus 4.6
six on it. The new one just came out as
well. So, we have instead of this really
robust and powerful harness that has
been had hundreds of millions of dollars
poured into it, we have instead
something made by an indie dev. How do I
make like a janky looking harness here?
Barely even hanging in there. And no
disrespect to the dude at all. I I'm not
saying I could do any better. It's just
the reality of one dude making something
that just trying to replicate what has
been done by a one of the most valuable
AI startups or technology startups in
the world right now with the best talent
in the world. And so it's essentially
clawed code and you've ripped off all of
the the arms. Say you've ripped these
off. You've taken away all of its
ability to read files, view files, uh
search the web, etc. And you've stripped
it back to just this model and then
you've dumped it in a crappier harness.
Again, no disrespect. and then tried to
kind of Frankenstein and duct tape on
the same arms. For example, there's a
whole bunch of great stuff that comes
out of the box with claude code, like
web searching, which is super native.
They spent tons of money training it and
and doing post training to get it to
really use these web search tools very
well to be able to spin up deep research
agents to go out and search the web uh
separately, come back and feed you
information. and all of this stuff you
now have to like kind of plug in using
uh third party tools and try to recreate
this with a inferior harness that has
not been trained with nearly as much uh
effort and resources. So that is the
clear difference and that is why out of
the box this thing is so much more
powerful has been refined over billions
of dollars and this thing is made by an
indie developer where you have to
basically plug in all of the things just
to get it to baseline and by nature that
means it's not going to perform as well.
Now I hear what you're saying you may be
like oh but I can connect this to
Telegram. Cool. We can do that, too. Oh,
but I can set up chron jobs and it'll do
stuff for me. Cool. You can set that up,
too. Everything that you could do with
with OpenClaw and that you you love
about it, you can do with this in a
completely custom setup that ties into
all your own workflows. And ultimately,
it is far more controllable and scalable
longterm than something like Clawbot
where the performance is going to
flatten out as the complexity scales.
I've been building my system now for
coming up 2 weeks and I can assure you
the levels of complexity that I'm
reaching now with the workflows, the
layers of data, the documentation.
There's no freaking way you could
achieve what I'm getting out of it right
now. And I've got a video coming down.
It might have already been out, but you
can see all of the stuff that I built
and also the things that I'm looking to
build in the future. So, understanding
what a harness is that this is a great
harness proven with lots of money and
this one is fundamentally not as good. I
think the best way I put it is you've
essentially taken a Ferrari's engine.
Well, you've got a whole Ferrari here
and you've taken the Ferrari's engine
out, ripped the model out, and then
dumped the engine, the really powerful
model into a crappy chassis. So, you
chuck it in a Honda. That's the best way
to explain what has happened here.
You've got the incredible power of the
core model, but it's just in a really
bad structure to allow it to do what the
the model or the engine was intended to
do. Okay, so I just quickly want to riff
through some of the things that when I
try to convince entrepreneurs that I
meet to make the shift, they're like,
"Oh, no, but like I've got it working
and you know, I can put it on my
Telegram and I've got this and this."
So, let's just run through a few of the
the the best the biggest sales points of
something like OpenClaw and why you can
do all of it and better with Claude
code. So, firstly, Telegram,
WhatsApp,
etc. deployment. You can access your
open claw through a platform of your
choice. Cool. You can do that too. In
fact, because it's custom and you can
control everything. I have created mine
on my phone to be far more powerful. I
can't go into it into this video, but
where you can have layers and layers of
complexity where you have orchestrator
agents, you have separate subtopics.
I've fully customized it to have daily
briefs coming into the Telegram and
different channels. Full customization
of my Telegram setup and that is
ultimately where we're trying to get it
where we can run our business from the
phone. So secondly, chron jobs.
This is a core feature of open claw that
allows you to set up recurring jobs. So
it'll ping, it'll say, "Hey, okay, can
you please do this thing?" One, the way
that it's done open core is very
confusing and in my opinion, not that
great. And two, you can set it up in
claw code yourself fully custom. You can
have layers and layers and layers of
them. And just like everything else,
it's much more controllable and you can
fully understand what's going on much
more easily. So that's tech. Third is
memory.
Uh, another great thing is like, oh, it
learns about me and it updates. And the
thing is, it's a memory system that is
kind of opaque and harder for you to
maintain yourself and and make
modifications to. Not only do I have
memory in my cloud code setup, I have a
very structured context OS that allows
me to continually keep that updated also
via documentation of new features. Very
importantly, I have a full database with
all of my business data condensed into
one place. So, I pull from all my data
sources into one place and my Telegram
assistant has access to be able to query
that data, get any information I want.
So overall, I have a more comprehensive
memory system that I have full control
over and I have it connected to a
database that has all of my business
data in it as well. Fourth is web
searching.
This is a pretty easy one. Claw code has
native web searching in also deep
research agents that can be kicked off.
Uh so the web searching and claw code is
native. It's been trained on it is
categorically better than using some
plugged in third party tool uh to
provide web searching capabilities to
your open claw. So we win there as well.
Fifth is model agnostic.
Uh, sure. Open claw allows you to plug
in a whole bunch of crappier models than
Opus 4.6 or whatever the latest one is.
Personally, I'm using this thing for
some really complex business processes,
analysis of data, researching trends,
uh, strategy. I want the Ferrari engine.
I don't want the Civic engine put in
this thing. And Anthropic does have
three different model tiers, Haiku,
Sonnet, and Opus. I use Haiku for my
Telegram orchestrator to keep the cost
low there. And then I only bust out Opus
for the big task when I need it. So, I
mean, sure, you could maybe say you beat
us there, but at the end of the day,
this is going to be used for very
complex things. I want the best engine
or brain driving that. And if I want to,
I can always downgrade to a cheaper
model and bring my cost down. You can
plug in your anthropic plan and pay what
is it 50 or 90. I think 50 bucks is one
of the lower plans. I'm on the 200 plan
and I'm absolutely smashing this thing
every day. I've only hit limits once or
twice. In which case, it is well worth
the $200 I'm spending. Okay, so I hope
you can agree here that this is clearly
the answer. But what does it actually
take to get this set up? What does it
cost to make the transition? You might
feel like you've sunk a whole lot of
time and effort into this already. And
just on that note, you really need to
understand this graph here. You will get
quick results with your open claw. But
as complexity scales and you want to
build more and more and more into it, it
is going to suffer. May it might even
start performing worse over time.
Compared with something like clawed code
where when you use the proper template
to get things set up a good base and
build on top of that in the right way,
you can see compounding benefits. There
is no limit that I have found so far to
the scale and complexity that I've built
into my system. Unfortunately, to get
started, this is not as easy as just
running one command and getting things
off the ground. There is a bit more
setup involved and a little bit more of
a technical barrier, but that should not
stop you from pursuing this. I've
literally been sitting here. We're doing
this generational cla code lock in here.
If you want to see the behind the scenes
of me and my friends absolutely geeking
out on this stuff up till 3 4 5 a.m.
Absolutely nerding out, going all in on
this stuff to build these systems for
our businesses while I've been here with
them. Some of them are completely
non-technical, never touched line of
code in their life. And by using my
template, which is the right folder
structure set up to get you started in
the right direction and also the right
commands to use where Claude code is
forced to become your assistant in
getting this set up where you just say
this is what I want. It's going to walk
you through a bunch of questions to
figure out exactly what you want and
then technically spec that, search the
web, figure out how to do it and then
from there it can actually build and
implement it into your workspace. The
other thing you're going to need aside
from a good starting template is to be
surrounded by people who are also doing
this. That's why I'm supposed to have
left Cape Town already, but I decided to
stay because my friends are here and
they're also all over this and we are
just sharing learnings around. When I
build something here, I just tell my
agent to pull it all into a markdown
file, air drop it over to them, they
tell their agent to install this, and
within a few minutes, they can have the
same functionality that I just created,
and it took me a few hours to do. So,
with all that in mind, I'm actually
running a webinar that's going to be
kicking off next week, depending on when
you're watching this, but there'll be a
link in the description. There's far too
much. I just did literally did a
workshop with my accelerator community
today, walking them through it. There's
just so much to get through. So, I'm
going to be doing a full free webinar
for any business owners who want to
understand what this is, see what my
system is and how I'm running it,
understand what steps I need to take to
get their set up, and also to be able to
grab my free template. That is exactly
what you need to get started and moving
in the right direction. Also, as part of
that webinar, you'll get added into my
Telegram channel, the AIOS or AI
operating system, which is what I'm
calling this. You'll get access to the
Ground Zero Telegram channel where I'm
constantly dropping in my learnings and
findings that come from my friend group
here, that come from the workshops I do
at my accelerator and the community
there, too. and you'll also get put on
my newsletter list where you'll get an
email every single day breaking down
what happened in that Telegram channel
direct to your inbox so that you can
apply it to your business. So, I'd love
to see you on that webinar. It'll be the
first link in the description. I really
want to help like tens of thousands of
business owners to see and understand
this stuff and apply it because the
future is already here. This is it. This
is how businesses are going to be run in
the next 2 3 4 years. You can have it
right now. And I'd love to be able to
share with you what I'm learning. As you
can tell, I'm pretty fired up by it. And
if you are impatient and you want to get
access right now rather than wait for
the webinar, you can see if you're a
good fit for my accelerator program
where every single day, Monday to
Friday, I'm doing an hourong workshop
with my community, showing you what I'm
learning here, doing live builds, doing
buildongs, workshops with the community.
It's community where you can go to be
around people who are at the tip of the
spear and pioneering this new future of
business. And that's all for the video,
guys. I hope I've been able to convince
you to at least be open-minded enough to
consider this because I can tell you,
you definitely want this outcome, not
this for your business. If you want to
watch something else from me to get more
context on how I plan to automate my
business and get 60 to 70% of my work
automated in the next 30 days, you can
check out this video up here where I do
a full breakdown. But aside from that,
guys, hope to see you in the webinar.
Hope to see you applying this stuff and
subscribe to the channel for more on
this because I'm going to be absolutely
ripping it over the next few months for
you guys. I'll see you in the next one.